Nian, I have urgent work to get home.
Wait for me to come back.
Are not.
Long legs.
Can such a big gentle head be hidden here?
Didn't you go on vacation to Dubai?
Has the airport arrived yet?
Buy a phone
Bang Bang turned around.
Hey, don't be in a hurry.
How are you, ma'am?
I've seen the surveillance cameras.
This woman went up the back garden hill.
In the morning there are also brothers.
Vaguely heard the sound of a helicopter.
You said he wouldn't
Go by helicopter.
He comes from poverty.
It was impossible to pick him up by helicopter.
Maybe our house is too big.
Otherwise, it will be lost. Take the brothers to the next mountain to look for it.
Why are you still standing there? Go find it.
I went to the mountain first to look.
Today is...
He has